Hi friends.
In this video, we are going to see how to read variables for
a public key using shells tip with the 3D command C. In
our previous videos already we have seen how to read variables for
your AW k only in your AWPA scripts, right?
But again, my intention is I am including AWPA inside of my shell script,
but I need some variables for my AWPA while running my script.
Right?
So you already, we have seen like this.
So suppose if you want to eat or read some variables for your AWPA, right?
You're using something like echo, right?
Some, let's say three and phi.
Then a WK, Right?
And here we are taking only action that ECA goes to,
let's say $1.1 because Foster value I want to assign for J and B equals $2.2.
Right?
Then we are printing a and b values in this way.
It's working. Now my intention is I want to read two values, right?
Then I want to assign those two values to my AWPA script.
I mean my Arabic I command inside of my shell script.
First, let me write simple shell script just to read two variable values, right?
Read values, not as such.
Let me write simple shell script.
When bash raid iPhone P,
enter a value, right?
I am taking that as BA and read hyphen p.
Suppose enter V value,
and I'm making this for B.
Right?
Now let me display echo,
dollar Yay, and dollar v0.
Right?
So let me run this.
Let me give you the change more execution permission.
I want to do this, right?
Then let me run this k value for supposedly value some number one.
Yes, you are able to display this.
Now, whatever the values you are reading.
Yeah, and b, I want to assign them for
my credibly K command inside of your shell scripts, right?
Nothing is there already,
you know, echo by,
just use this a WK, Right?
So because you are providing input with the help of a ego command.
So whenever you've got providing input for your end obligate,
you should have your actual action block, but isn't middle block.
The, let me take suppose x equals $2.1,
that is nothing but J value you are assigning to edX
or here also we can take same variables. Let stay.
Let me take a coastal $1.1 latrines.
$1.1 value is nothing but yea value,
that value you are assigning inside of your aid.
Awpa has one variable called a and now this year is different and this a is different.
But just to avoid confusion,
I'm taking different variable.
Let me take as yes.
Right?
And Y equals $2.2.
Now I am going to print a equals to,
sorry, x equals two in terms of your AWPA variable is X.
X equals two.
Then here, your X,
then Y equals two. You are white.
That's it.
So now you are reading variable values with L PAF 3D command on your
providing that input for your AWPA command inside of your AWR,
taking x and y variables, right?
Let me save this and run it and see the output 23.
Yes, you're able to get.
Now, suppose you are taking even inside of
EAWAG also some same variables as year and VGS.
You can take it, no problem.
Let me take this is Yay, and this is b.
And make sure that inside of here, WK,
whatever you are having variables there are different from your shell script.
Now this a and b values are completely different from the CIA and b.
There is no dependency between those two.
Just we are assigning values to but would take 102.
Yes, you're able to get it.
Right.
So guys, now here,
what is the advantage by doing in this way?
What is the advantage by doing it this way?
Suppose guys, if you don't know how you are BC calculator on your host, right?
Then you cannot perform addition or subtraction
or I'm in arithmetic operations for your afloat points.
Now using this syntax, right?
Let me, What is our,
sorry, our script VI, read values right?
Now using this concept,
you can find your arithmetic operations very easily with the replicate command.
Right?
So instead of printing,
so I'm printing like sum equals two, right?
Let me print simply a plus b.
Not trick.
Now whether you are going to provide indigenous or some float points don't pro,
no problem, right? Let me take 12.
Yes, value three.
Let me take now 4.56 dots some to ten dot seven.
Perfectly working right now to perform your arithmetic operations.
The combination of your shell and AWPA is a good practice, right?
So you now by using this syntax,
you can find out any arithmetic operator,
not the site, or read this shell script right?
Now only thing plus minus right, division multiplication.
You can do all those things.
So all automatic operations you can easily perform using this syntax.
Right?
So guys, we just try how to
implement arithmetic calculator with the help of AWPA command.
Right?
Fine.
So there's, this is one way to read the words variables, right?
Using a WK, I mean using read command and
providing your variable values for your edible. They'll pop Jaco.
Instead of that, first,
let me try another command, length.
Let's say suppose some yj equals to number two and B equals to some gate, right?
C, K, WK. So actually you are following this syntax inside of your shell script.
Dollar aa, then dollar b,
pipeline, then AWPA, right?
Then you were actually logic.
What you are taking, let's say suppose x equals 2.1.11 argument,
then y equals two.
I mean first field, second field, right?
Then you are printing suppose x plus y.
Yes, it's working perfectly right?
Now instead of this,
the same syntax inch of your echo command.
What I'm doing is I'm going to remove now your x equals to 100,
y equals two to the same variables.
We can also define here like I found v x equals $2 year.
Then define one more variable,
hyphen women's define one more variable,
Y equals $2 b. Now see the output.
What happened if and when y goes to dollar b. Yeah.
So here you are defining with the help of your actual logic, right?
But actual logic needs you input some random input unit.
Actually, let me take,
suppose I'm rooted DC, right?
But I don't want to work repeatedly.
Let me take some file.
Why I'm taking this file means in this way I have only one line.
That's why I'm so no one file.
Let me take just a second.
Echo some high something into file.txt.
Now what I am doing is It's working, right?
But whenever if you do actual logic, it needs input.
But my input is actually coming from here.
That's why I don't want to provide input.
Iclei, given some random for luxury,
should not provide any input because you are not reading anything from this file.
You're reading your values from here.
So in this case you are reading input.
That's why you can use your actual logic.
But in this case I am not reading input from a file, right?
So that's why what you can do is instead of this,
you can also use some begin block.
So begin block don't need any input.
That's it.
So that is the advantage with the begin whenever if you take begin blog, right?
We don't need any input.
So there's actually, you are taken here,
here also you can take, I mean, yeah,
in this you cannot take begin because
you're providing input from command line that should,
can process only using your actual logic.
That's why are taken her actual logic.
But here I am not providing input from your standard input
or file directly Arabic a commodity sub I am defining.
That's why I'm not providing any input from command output or from a file.
That's why if you go in this way,
it's going to wait for input.
But actually I'm not providing input, right?
That's why you have to take begin command here.
Okay?
So if you are getting conviction,
just tried for all to use this way.
Or to define your variables,
which is read by your shell script, right?
Or if you follow this,
just use begin block.
Ok.
So these are the two ways I'm in.
You can also include this inside of your shell script also,
let me open you are shell script.
So let me comment this line and see that a WK hyphen v, x equals two.
Let me say medieval,
I'm taking a $2 aa,
then hyphen v be coasted.
Dollar b lies this yea,
and this b or your AWPA variables,
dollar 3n Darby or your shell script variables, right?
So now here we are taking begin block by we are
taking begin block means you are not providing input directly.
You are providing a replicate itself.
That's why you don't take your actual logic like this.
If you take actual logic against going to,
it is expecting input,
but I am not providing input in terms of file our command output.
That's why I'm taking begin block action.
You can take any action, no problem, right?
I mean begin block or actual action or end block.
Now here simply a plus b.
That's it. Right?
Let me save it and done it.
Some number 36, something wrong.
Let me open it.
Oh, I forgot to close with single quotation.
Number 12, we are getting three, right?
So remember that whenever if you take f and
v option and if you don't want to provide any input,
file or command output,
just use begin block.
Otherwise year you're providing input.
That's why I'm, I'm using actual logic, right?
So you have three logics.
Begin, actual end logic near AWPA command.
So you're providing command output as a input.
That's why you've got to use your actual logic.
But here you are not providing any command output,
input for your ED applicant entity or defining inside of your credibly
K. That's why I just take begin block so that it will work.
Okay?
Okay. Yes. Thank you for watching this video.